Update activity app (#595)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/activity_configuration.adoc

= Configuring the Activity App
:page-aliases: configuration_server/activity_configuration.adoc
:toc: right

> :description: You can configure your ownCloud server to automatically send out Email notifications to your users for various events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: You can configure your ownCloud server to automatically send out email notifications to your users for various events.
```

== Introduction

{description}

> These events can be like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These events include:
```

* A file or folder has been shared
* A file or folder has been changed
* A file or folder has been deleted
* A new file or folder has been created

Users can see actions (_delete_, _add_, _modify_) that happen to files they have access to. Sharing actions are only visible to the sharer and recipient.

== Enabling the Activity App

The Activity App is shipped and enabled by default. If it is not enabled, go to menu:Settings[Admin > Apps] to enable it.

== Configuring your ownCloud for the Activity App

[TIP] 
====

> A working Email configuration is required to configure your ownCloud to send out Email notifications. Furthermore, it is recommended to configure the xref:configuration/server/background_jobs_configuration.adoc#cron-jobs[background job] `Webcron` or `Cron`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A working email configuration is required to configure your ownCloud to send out email notifications. Furthermore, it is recommended to configure the xref:configuration/server/background_jobs_configuration.adoc#cron-jobs[background job] `Webcron` or `Cron`.
```

====

> Email notifications for shared files can be enabled/disabled by administrators with the "_Allow users to send mail notifications for shared files to other users_", available in menu:Settings[Admin > Sharing]. There is also a xref:configuration/server/config_apps_sample_php_parameters.adoc#app-activity[configuration option] `activity_expire_days` available in your `config.php` which allows you to clean-up older activities from the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email notifications for shared files can be enabled/disabled by administrators with the "_Allow users to send mail notifications for shared files to other users_" option, available in menu:Settings[Admin > Sharing]. There is also a xref:configuration/server/config_apps_sample_php_parameters.adoc#app-activity[configuration option] `activity_expire_days` available in your `config.php` which allows you to clean up older activities from the database.
```

== Time Base

> * Whenever a default date is enabled and set for expiring shares (e.g. after 7 days), the time base for default dates is the time of the ownCloud server, not the time of the client accessing ownCloud Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Whenever a default date is enabled and set for expiring shares (e.g. after 7 days), the time base for default dates is the time of the ownCloud server, not the time of the client accessing the ownCloud Server.
```

> * Whenever a default date is enabled and set for expiring shares (e.g. after 7 days), the time base for default dates is the time of the ownCloud server, not the time of the client accessing the ownCloud Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Whenever a default date is enabled and set for expiring shares (e.g. after 7 days), the time base for default dates is the time of the ownCloud server, not the time of the client accessing the ownCloud server.
```

> * When a client recieves an expiry notifications for a share, the notification is by the end of the day based on the time of the ownCloud server and not the time of the client accessing ownCloud Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When a client receives an expiry notification for a share, the expiry is effective at the end of the day based on the time of the ownCloud server and not the time of the client accessing the ownCloud Server.
```

> * When a client receives an expiry notification for a share, the expiry is effective at the end of the day based on the time of the ownCloud server and not the time of the client accessing the ownCloud Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When a client receives an expiry notification for a share, the expiry is effective at the end of the day based on the time of the ownCloud server and not the time of the client accessing the ownCloud server.
```
